Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
Cheese In The Trap
You should have been careful.
Do you want to eat? Do you want to eat?
- I'm saying this out of concern...- Are you worrying about me?
Get yourself together Hong Seol. You can't be fooled by that smile.
End up with nothing.
Are you crazy?
- In trouble again?  - What about the money?
- That's seriously a very good idea.- Right?
- My love, Seol.- I'm telling you it's dark under the candle!
Cheese In The Trap
The class is starting. Management...
I'm sorry.
Huh? Wait, you aren't...
But your name isn't on the attendance list.
I switched. I thought this class would be more interesting, you see.
Oh, is that right? Nice to meet you.
As expected, smart people take my classes.
So, should we start the class?
Strategic Management page 12.
Seol. Hi...
What's with this person?!
What is he trying to do?
We'll stop the class here.
There will be weekly quizzes until the mid-term and the group presentation will replace the final.
Submit a ten-page report on strategic management by next week.
Hey, what's with all these complaints?
Try to think about your tuition. How much do you pay?
It's ten times more than what I paid.
It is an enormous sum, but isn't that money a waste.
If you measure the worth of this class in money, it must be a billion won.
I have studied and worked hard, as if it was a religion,
to lay out everything for you in this course.
You just sit down and take everything in. Do you understand?
Yes.
Now, I'll end it here.
You worked hard.
Seol. Seol, wait...
Episode 2
Seol, do you want to eat lunch together?
No. I have an appointment.
What is this? Why is he following me?
It's because he has long legs, right?
Sunbae, exactly what...?
The suspicious senior has started behaving suspiciously.
- Hello.- Hi.
Throughout the semester he has been chasing after me for unknown reasons.
A person whose greetings I even want to ignore, suddenly acts friendly while smiling.
When it is time to eat he appears like a ghost.
Have you had lunch?
Yes, of course. It is late.
It's only half past eleven, though. And you already ate?
I just ate because I was hungry.
Aigoo, I'm full.
So full...
No matter how hard I try to avoid him,
he is definitely doing this on purpose.
- It seems as if that was a hard bump, let me see...- I'm fine.
- Are you really okay?- I'm telling you I'm fine!
But now I can't anymore...
Sunbae, talk with me for a second.
I apologize.
I told you back then too, but I'm really sorry about the thing with the class registration.
I... I misunderstood early and caused trouble for you.
Please forgive me.
This won't do.
Why?
But I'm giving you a warm and sincere apology like this...
In an apology, shouldn't the receiving person usually be satisfied with it?
Of course.
What can I do to satisfy you?
Eat with me.
Is this person obsessed with eating?
Since it's five now, we can eat dinner. You don't have to work part-time today either.
How does he know even my schedule?
It can't be that you won't eat with me even to apologize, right?
Okay, if it's eating, I'll eat.  Of course not.
If that is his wish, let's eat once.
Should we go?
It's that way though.
Thank you, I'll eat it well.
I wanted to buy something more delicious.
Oh, no. This is more than enough.
I have never eaten anything at a convenience store before.
Have this.
Thanks.
Get yourself together, Hong Seol. You can't be fooled by that smile.
And that human is as sly as a snake.
Hey, I'm sorry.
And sly...Yes?
Recently, I have insisted too often that you eat, right?
You see, I wanted to talk with you once.
Truthfully, I fully understand that you misunderstood the class registration incident.
Get yourself together. This human is as sly as a snake.
- Sorry. - No.
He is sly... Is he sly? Maybe not?
I was wrong to misunderstand you in that incident,
and truthfully I should pay for all this...
Right? It's like that.
So don't feel sorry anymore, and treat me for dinner next time.
Huh?
Let's eat something better than this then.
Yes. I'll buy it.
I knew he is a human as sly as a snake!
Which way are you going?
What about you, Sunbae?
I'm going to the library.
Oh, I have to go to the business administration building.
Thank you for the meal.
Oh? Unnie?
- Ah Yeong!- Unnie!
How long has it been?
Even so, I was going to contact you.
How's school? Is it bearable?
Yes, I like it so much. I like it even more because you attend.
Aigoo, even your words are so pretty.
But, that person...
Ah... Greet him, he's our sunbae.
Oh, hello. I'm Kang Ah Yeong.
I'm Seol's close friend.
- Right, nice to meet you.- Wow, awesome...
You're very handsome.
Thanks.
I'm also a little bit thankful.
Sunbae. We'll get going now.
Goodbye! See you next time...
Unni, are you close with that sunbae?
I'm not close with him. Not at all.
What is his name?
Kang Ah Yeong, the thing you have to be the most careful about in college is guys. Okay?
Even though the outside is fine, it doesn't mean that the inside is too.
You can't know exactly what's on their minds, and there are snake-like guys too.
Is the senior from earlier like that?
No... He isn't definitely like that.
I would just like it if my angel-like Ah Yeong would choose a guy cautiously.
How do you pick a guy?
So this is Yeonhee University Yoo Jeong bastard is attending...
What is that punk doing?
What bastard's school is this f*ing big?
What? Are you a university student?
Where is the business administration building?
Follow me.
Follow you?
What are you? A professor? Student?
Seol!
Seol, do you want to eat?
Do you want to eat? Seol!
Seol!
It's too much even dreaming about it...
It will be perfect if I print it out now.
Oh my!
Hey! Come over here.
This girl.
Are you ignoring me?
- Me?- Yeah, you.
Where's the business department?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know? You're a student at this school.
Just share with that Ahjusshi over there.
I'm busy, so goodbye.
What do you take me for?
Hey, you there!
- Hey... - Hey!
- Hey, let's go. - Stop right there!
- What? Ahju--  - Hey, quick, pull my stroller! Come here!
- Dammit!- You're not going to stop?!
Hey, stop right there!
Hey, stop!
Hey! Stop! Hey!
Where did you go?
He's gone. He left.
What's with this ajusshi, seriously? You stink.
Drink some water. You worked hard, you worked hard.
They're going to think I'm a bum.
Do you have money?
- What?- Do you have money?
I don't have any. What are you saying?
Give me 1,000₩ ($1).
- Here. Leave quickly.  - Wait, what's that?
- Why? - It will be fine if you just give me this cabbage (green bill, 10,000₩).
What nonsense is this? What is this?
- I'm going to call Mr. Kim. MR. KIM!  - I get it, I get it.
This ajusshi, seriously.
Give me 1000₩ more.
Go then, hurry.
- I'm seriously going crazy. - I'm taking it.
- Go, hurry, hurry. - Thanks.
Ah, hurry up and go! Hurry.
Then, stroller, come with me.
- See you later. - Yes.
That girl thought I was a bum... Where did she go?
I couldn't even charge because of that person.
What the heck? Why is it like this?
I only had it on my hard disk.
I have to retype everything again.
Hey, by any chance, do you have your laptop?
I didn't bring my laptop today. Sorry.
Excuse me, Unni, by any chance, can I borrow your laptop for a sec?
Ah, I also need to write with it. Sorry.
No.
You want to use this?
What? T-Thank you.
- Hello.  - Hello.
On this bright spring day and right after lunch, aren't your eyelids very heavy?
Now, keep your eyes open. Today's class will be very important.
In strategic management, there is directional strategy
and there's also portfolio strategy.
This is always something I want to emphasize.
What is strategy?
What is it?
Ah, I'm really speechless.
If the teacher talks,
is it enough to write it down and just memorize it without thought?
Is that how you'll remember it? It doesn't make sense.
Eh? When I'm telling you this,
you should be looking at me right now.
You there. You there!
Excuse me, Professor. Can I ask you a question?
Oh, sure, Yoo Jeong, go ahead.
I heard about the five levels of strategies called "Five Boxes" before.
It seems that it was left out of our textbook.
Is it not important to what we are learning?
Hey, I'm surprised.
You've already read through the textbook once, Yoo Jeong.
Our textbooks aren't always perfect.
That's why I am giving this lecture today to make up for it.
Should we take a look at it?
Now, the five boxes!
I've told you that the report was due for today last time, didn't I? Someone collect them for me.
- I'll pick them up.  - Sure, Yoo Jeong.
It's now 4:40 right now, so you have until 5 to bring them to my office.
- Yes. - Okay.
Then, class is over.
You've worked hard.
Are you almost done?
Yes, yes. Just one moment.
Do you have to watch me like that?
Why? Am I bothering you?
Yes.
That's a relief.
What?
You bother me a lot too.
What does that mean?
The time...
♫ Were you watching me in secret? ♫
♫ Call my name again ♫
♫ Call me again if you want to know about the secret ♫
- Sunbae, I... - What?
Nothing is working. Why out of all times when he is here?
♫ You, I, and us. What do we do? ♫
♫ Please hold my hand ♫
♫ Please let your long hidden heart be discovered ♫
♫ You, I, and us. What do we do? ♫
♫ I am not just saying that ♫
♫ My heart flutters now, too♫
It came out really well.
Sunbae, hello.
Oh, Joo Yeon.
I'll take this now.
No, it's okay. I'm the one collecting them today.
Thank you so much. If it weren't for Sunbaenim today--
It's not that much. Oh, you couldn't take notes today, right?
Here. Take your time looking and give it back later.
Yes.
- I'm leaving now. Work hard.  - Yes.
Thank you.
I didn't know you had that kind of talent.
Pretending you don't care from the front, and flirting with him from the back.
Nam Joo Yeon, I think you're misunderstanding something.
Don't be so happy that Sunbae is showing interest in you
because Sunbae is friendly to anyone.
Why did I come here?
I seriously...
- What, what? - In Ho, it's me.
The president is really mad. What are you going to do?
What can I do? I told him that I was quitting.
Hey, don't I have the freedom to pick where I live and where I work?
It's in the Constitution.
In Ho, you're surprisingly smart for someone who got kicked out of high school.
Hey, what do you mean kicked out? I walked out of there by myself.
Anyway, the president is going to be so mad when he catches you, so hide well.
Why would he catch me? Does he have something...
If he asks for me. Tell him I went to Busan or that I went overseas.
- Would he believe that?  - I don't care!
Hel... In Ho?
Baek In Ho?
- No, it wasn't. - Where is he?
He... He went overseas.
You made an international call right now?
Aigoo, Sang Geun.
He went to Seoul, or maybe he didn't.
You almost fooled me, you punk.
I...
I have to hide again.
What lucky lives you lead.
Two-hundred fifty dollars is too expensive...
Is that your dog's name? Or your mom's?
I can leave the reports I collected for Professor Gang here, right?
Yeah, put them there.
You are going to apply for early graduation this semester, right?
No.
Why not? Weren't you going to study abroad?
Isn't it better to graduate quickly?
You are interested a lot in other people's business.
You have enough credits, so why won't you graduate?
Don't concern yourself about it. I am going to finish out the rest of the semester.
I am having the most fun now, out of all my time in school.
Report / Professor: Kang Seo Yeon / Student Name: Hong Seol
Why are you... What brings you here?
I came looking for Sunbae Yoo Jeong.
Why look for him here? He left a while ago.
Why are you getting angry?
Seriously this...
Yes, Professor. Yes.
Reports? Should I bring them to you now? Yes, yes.
Yes, where to?
Yes.
The day is terribly long.
Even getting help from Sunbae...
The repair cost to fix this...Just how much would I have to spend...
My USB.
Why did I take this?
Isn't that mine?
Anyway, you didn't write it yourself.
What?
- You seriously... - I heard everything earlier.
That you wouldn't have been able to turn it in without Sunbae's help.
Must you go that far to get an A+?
Whether I got Sunbae's help or not,
what were you going to do with this? Don't you think you have been too much since last year?
Do you like Sunbae Yoo Jeong that much?
Yeah, I like him!
You... After seeing Sunbae Yoo Jeong treat me as special, you must have wanted it too.
You don't have a chance. So stop hanging around him.
Or else, it won't end with just your report next time.
Are you guys filming a morning drama? It's my first time seeing a fight over love.
Girls fighting is really no joke. You've become a character in a drama.
Sunbae, it's all a misunderstanding.
Seol, go turn in your report. It's past the deadline.
Joo Yeon.
Yes, Sunbae.
I'll pretend I didn't hear what you said just now. And properly apologize to Seol later.
Sunbae, wait a minute.
Also I... have never treated you as special.
Let's go.
We're going.
Professor, here.
The deadline has already passed.
Yes, I also know that.
If you know then there's no need to explain. Take it back.
No, Professor, can't you accept it just this once?
There really was a situation...
Hey, do you think it's fair that I accept this right now?
Yes?
Oh, Yoo Jeong, what brings you here?
Professor, to be honest it's my fault. I accidentally left out Seol's report.
- You left it out? - Yes.
Instead, can't you just take some points off of my report and accept Seol's?
Please do me this favor.
You're saying it was your mistake, not Seol's?
Yes, Professor.
It can't be helped then.
Thank you.
But the fact is that your report was submitted after the deadline. So I can't give it higher than a B+, understood?
Both of you head out.
If the report is a B+
then I have to get a 100% on the both the test and the team project, and the maximum I can get is an A in the class.
Are you okay?
Yes. Thank you for today.
Looks like I'm doing nothing but receiving help all day long.
Have strength. I'll help you with the test and the team project.
Is he being sincere?
Ah, I really don't know anymore.
Right, Seol, about lunch...
You don't eat lunch, right?
- Start! - I'm starting.
Min (Soo)... ?
- Did I see that wrong? - Is someone regarding this as a joke?
Isn't that Sunbae Sang Cheol's writing?
- Hey...  - Da Yeong.
Joo Yeon has a heart. Aii...
Hey what the heck? What?
- Next, next, next. - Bo Ra!
Her eyeballs pop out too much.
What do you mean her eyeballs pop out? You are being too harsh.
Hey, I've been waiting here for twenty minutes! You better run over here quickly!
I'm doing something important right now so I'm hanging up.
- Now, next! - Next!
Bo Ra!
She's as short as a dwarf's poop sack.
A dwarf's poop sack?
But at least she can walk around.
She's taller than you, you know?
Come on, next.
- Joo Yeon. - Hey!
I have dibs on Joo Yeon.
The last one, the last one!
Bo Ra!
- Quiet, quiet, quiet! - Why?
- What are you going to do if the girls find out? - How would they find out?
What do you think would happen if we find out?
Hey! What the heck are you doing here right now?
Come here! Won't you come here?
Hey! You're not going to come here?! Come here!
But anyway...
Hey, so who likes Bo Ra?
You do, Sunbae-nim.
Gross! Look at it, it's wet.
Hey! We hven't done this ulzzang (pretty face) voting since elementary school.
How old are you, seriously? How many girls did you list?
- About eight. - So, who was number one?
It was you, of course.
Then, what about Seol?
For Seol Noona, she tied for last place with Noona Min Soo.
What?! Seol and Son Min Soo tied for last?
How did that happen?
I mean... there is quite a difference between how guys and girls perceive these things.
This won't do. She needs to go on a blind date.
How did the situation turn into a blind date all of a sudden?
There's this fatally charming guy that I wanted to go on a blind date with--
Noona, you were planning to go on a blind date?
Yeah, but I think I should pass him along to Seol.
What do you think? It's a good idea, right?
It's totally a good idea.
Right?
There are no seats.
Hong! I have something to talk to you about.
Come out to the lobby of the library.
- Did you get seats? - There aren't any seats.
I will reject any rejection. Got it?
- What's with you guys? What's wrong? - A blind date.
She said he is a really fatally charming guy. If you don't meet him it's your loss.
You guys are really too much! The midterm is around the corner. Why are you talking about a blind date?
Hey, you can do the blind date after the midterms!
- Hey! - You'll do it, right?
- Forget it. - Did you get seats in the library?
Hello.
Hi, Seol.
Sunbae, I had a seat saved already at the library. You're going to sit and study with me, right?
Hey. You got a seat saved? How'd you do that?
I stayed here all night.
I'll look, myself.
Hey Seol, if there's an extra seat, I'll save it for you.
- You didn't save a seat for me?  - How can I save a seat for you too, Oppa?
She is so hateful, everything she does is nasty.
Seol, you're going to do it, right? Hm?
Hey, let go. There really aren't any seats...
- Hey! - Yes?
Do you think your club room is empty?
There's no one in our club room right now.
- Really? - Use it.
-The password! Password!  - If I tell you...
- The password!! - 1234.
That's great. There, you can consider the blind date by yourself, okay?
- Fatally... - Got it.
- I got it!  - Hey! Even his name is killer! It's Ahn Chi Myeong!
- You have to do it! Okay? - I will use the room well!
Where are you, Sunbae? Did you find a seat?
Why didn't you come?
- Hey! - Omo!
Who are you?
I'm your Sunbae!
What the heck?
- Why are you being like this?  Is it because I look like this?
Life is all about one moment. Your life can collapse in just one moment.
Do you know? There are such things!
I understand, Ajusshi.
Do you have money?
You shouldn't do this here, but there. Do you see the light on the second floor?
O-Over there?
Yeah, if you go there, a girl who will listen to you will be waiting.
Try going there.
If the kids were drinking, there should be some alcohol left.
These kids... They're drinking when they should be studying. Give me a 1,000 won ($1) bill.
That girl will give it to you.
I'll go then.
Okay, bye bye.
The second floor.
Yeah. Those points that I lost because of Hong Seol, I will pay her back.
The money isn't here. Ah, jeez.
Life is alcohol, alcohol.
You guys think this world is yours, huh?
Where is that girl?
Hey! Where did everyone go? Hey!
What was that?
Sunbae! Sunbae, wait a minute!
You were here? I was looking for you everywhere. You weren't even answering your phone.
What is it?
Please help me. Right now, Seol is in danger.
I was coming out from the library, and it looked like Seol was getting into a quarrel with some homeless guy.
Ajusshi asked for some money but Seol told him to get lost and yelled at him and pushed him.
Then she went into the club building.
But I think the Ajusshi got mad and followed her into the building with an alcohol bottle.
You know how Seol sometimes speaks harshly.
The truth is, that's what had happened yesterday with her.
The fact that you and I were close, Seol has always disliked it.
Even so, the situation earlier wasn't something I could ignore. She is a classmate and a girl.
Don't worry. Nothing will happen.
But Joo Yeon, the club building is in the opposite direction of here.
If you were really worried about Seol, you should've gone to the security guard who is in the next building.
But you came to me when I wasn't even answering my phone. Something's a little off, right?
You've caused this mess, so fix it yourself.
Hey! Are you sleeping?
I'm scared.
Huh? Wake up, wake up!
Ah, jeez.
Oh, hey! Come here, come here!
Where are you going? She said you want to listen to me!
Are you ignoring me? You think, you can do that?
You are just like that department head!
Ajusshi, hold on a minute!
Ah, where in the world is he?
A homeless guy came on campus?
I don't know. We need to hurry and head up!
- You think you can just fire me because you're the department head? - Ahjussi! Ahjussi!
- Look what's happened to me!
Why did this break?
What do you think you're doing?
Student, please get up.
What are you doing here?
- She's the right person. - You're very drunk!
Come out!
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
Thank you.
What's wrong with your arm?
Ah this? I was eating yesterday and was opening a tuna can...
A tuna can?
I scratched myself a little.
Let's go.
W-Where?
♫ You must have hated me today ♫
♫ Sometimes I hate myself too ♫
I'll do it. Give it. Give me your arm.
♫ But please don't hate me ♫
Did you even put antiseptic on that?
I washed it with some water.
Let me see.
♫ Whatever anyone says, how I am ♫
Really, I'll do this.
You can't do it with one hand.
- Really, I'll do it. - Give it.
Raise your sleeve.
♫ Every moment ♫
♫ In every emotion I want to put you in them ♫
Thank you.
Why are you always losing out in your life?
What is this?
Don't worry about others. Take care of yourself first.
Just because you make sacrifices, no one is going to recognize you for what you've done.
Is he really worrying about me?
I'm saying this because I'm really worried.
If you're ever having a hard time, don't keep it in.
Tell me. I'll help you.
Something feels different now, from how he acted before.
And, Nam Joo Yeon...
Joo Yeon...
You know that she really likes you, right?
So you taking care of me, from her perspective
must make her feel pretty upset.
Did I... cross a line?
You're interesting.
- Hey, Jae Woo. - You scared me.
Last year, you got an A on your presentation for Professor Han, right?
- Yes. - Is that saved on your laptop?
- Yes, why? - Let me borrow it.
- I don't want to. You're going to steal it again.  - I'll just take a look
- I don't want to!  - I just want to look.
- You have to hurry up and give it back. Okay? - All right.
Why are you causing a scene when you're going to let me borrow it anyway?
Hong! Ah, you were studying.
A while ago, for Professor Han's presentation, you were on the same team with Jae Woo right?
So do you know about Jae Woo's presentation?
Yes.
Then, find it for me. I'll come back in five minutes. This is his laptop.
Why should I find it?
I have to go take my graduation photo.
Am I even graduating? Finally?
I'll leave it to you.
Let's find it for him quickly.
Where is it?
Receipt for Start of Semester Party -- 282,400 won
The receipt for the start of the semester party does not match the actual expenses!
That I embezzled club fees for the Start of Semester Party.
It was you who put that on the message board.
You're the only one who saw me counting the money on the stairs that day.
You were there below the stairs too.
It wasn't me. Then, who would it be?
Then the person who accused Sang Cheol Sunbae of being a thief on the school message board
wasn't Sunbae Yoo Jeong Sunbae but Sunbae Jae Woo?
I won't say anything.
We'll take the picture. Gather here.
Next person, next person.  Come here quick.
Okay, look here. One, two.
Do I have to apologize for when I misunderstood and said Sunbae was the person who told on Sang Cheol?
But I can't tell him about Sunbae Jae Woo.
♫ That day we first met ♫
- Sunbae. - Yeah?
♫ Following my feelings ♫
Did you finish taking your pictures?
Not yet. ♫ Being filled with you ♫
♫ My heart sings and flies to the sky ♫
- Your notes. - Yeah.
I looked at them well.
♫ The day I touch you ♫
♫ I breath carefully, one step, another step ♫
♫ Being absorbed without notice, the story of you ♫
Could I buy you a meal?
What?
Before, I had promised to buy you a meal...
And I received a lot of help from you.
And there are some things I'm sorry for.
I... ♫ Your name is initially unfamiliar ♫
This whole time, I think I've really misunderstood you.
Last year and this year.
My personality is really a bit on the sensitive side and I judge people based on how I feel...
So sometimes I misunderstand people.
It does seem that way.
Right?
I'm going to fix that. I'll fix it.
But that is my personality, so... Anyway, I'm sorry.
Seol, take a picture with me.
What?
- But, I'm not good with pictures. - Why?
- I'm not that photogenic. - Let's take one.
- Sunbae, I'm really not good with... - I'm taking it.
- Sunbae, I know you want to take it but... - One, two three.
I really don't...
Look. It came out well, didn't it?
I said I don't want to... How do you think this looks good?
Why? It's cute.
I think you should delete it. How do you delete it?
I think you should delete it.
But my eyes.
- I think you should delete this. - What's with you?
Sunbae, you're the only one who came out well.
1 year ago. Start of Semester Party
That jerk. He's not pitiful. He embarrassed me.
We should send him back to the military.
Getting involved with Kim Sang Cheol just keeps putting me in humiliating situations.
It's seriously annoying. I'm so embarrassed, I can't go to school.
Jae Woo.
What is it?
Are you going home?
Yeah.
You're having a hard time because of Sang Cheol Sunbae, right?
Are you laughing at me too right now?
How am I laughing at you? Think about it.
Between Sang Cheol Sunbae, who harasses people for no reason, and you,
who would I think is weird?
So what do you want me to do about it?
Everyone knows Sang Cheol is weird. He harasses you more because you allow it.
Are you just going to keep allowing it?
When did I?! I always said that I didn't like it!
That's not enough, which is the problem.
Jae Woo.
What now?
Here.
This is the receipt from today. Would you give it to Sang Cheol Sunbae?
Of course, he isn't the type to keep track of such things.
Why are you giving this to me?
Just throw it away then.
Gosh.
I think there were over twenty people there.
He said he ran out of funds, but it looks like he took some for himself again.
Kim Sang Cheol, I've caught you now.
No, I like both.
Can't you please delete it?
Cute, right? I'll send it to you, too.
No, no, it's okay. Please delete it.
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
My eyes.
Oh, Ah Yeong.
What are you doing tomorrow? I have a canceled class, so let's eat together.
Sure. My last class ends at 4 tomorrow, do you want to meet then?
Yeah, that's good. By the way,
I saw Sunbae Yoo Jeong again not long ago. When I said hi, he remembered my name.
And he bought my friends and me some beverages.
So what I'm saying is...
Could you help me hook up with Yoo Jeong?
As I've gotten to know Sunbae, he seems like a decent person.
Sure.
Really? Thank you so much.
Hong Seol!
What are you doing? Where are you headed?
Pick her up!
- What is this? - She is not heavy!
- What are you doing? - Not heavy!
Put me down!
- Be quiet! - Stay still!
Stay still, stay still!
Hey, hold on! Hey!
Eun Taek, stand guard!
Why are you doing this? Hey!
Take this off.
- What are you doing?- It's fine.
No, I don't want to!
Stop it.
Tada! Please look at my artwork. What do you think?
She's pretty, right?
Wow, I think you'll get about three more votes than Min Soo now.
Hey, it's today at 6, so don't be late.
You must not disappoint fatally charming Mr. Ahn Chi Myeong. Got it?
You look complete.
Hello.
Today...
I look weird, right?
No, you look pretty.
Because I have somewhere to go today. It's true.
Unni, what time should I go to the cafeteria today?
Then, should I do it today?
Since class ends at 4 and my blind date is at 6.
- Sunbae. - Yeah?
Perhaps, do you have time today? After class ends...
Okay, sure.
4:30 PM at the cafeteria. Okay.
It's a little early for dinner, isn't it?
It is a little early.
I know, right?
Even so, it's nice that there aren't many people.
- Unni! - Oh, Ah Yeong!
You look pretty today.
You also look really pretty today. What's up?
Oh, stop.
Ah Yeong said she didn't eat yet either. Can she join us?
Of course. Have you been well?
Yes. I've been totally well.
Good. That was casual.
- You eat this first. - Ah, thank you.
- Yes. - Go over there.
Let's go.
I really like being a college student.
I'm taking the Art of Music, and the professor is so great...
I'm only talking about myself. Sorry.
No, it was interesting.
Ah Yeong, you still don't have a boyfriend?
I don't have one.
Why? I would've thought you were popular.
Right? Ah Yeong's skin is so fair,
and she's pretty, so she's really popular with people.
And her features are so bright, that she looks like a goddess in pictures.
There are so many people who contact her after just seeing her profile picture.
Ah, no. Unni, you're going overboard.
But, you two would really suit each other.
I really did go overboard.
Want to drink coffee?
Coffee?
I'll go get some coffee.
Here.
You're not drinking any?
No, I have something to take care of.
Please enjoy the rest of your meal. I'll be going.
Isn't she really pretty today? I wish she'd dress like that every day.
Yeah.
The truth is, she has a blind date today.
She's probably nervous since it's her first blind date. I hope it's someone nice.
A blind date?
Yes. Unni Bo Ra set them up.
So, um...
Please just tell me without beating around the bush. So what's the conclusion?
Can I work here or not?
To work here in our restaurant, um...
your appearance isn't quite right...
Ah, this is so frustrating, I'm going crazy.
Mr. Kim Byeong Ho.
I just came to Seoul from out of town and just got a room that I can't afford.
So I'm staying in a gositel that doesn't even cost $300 a month. But your restaurant is right in front of it. (gositel = hostel for students)
- It's my destiny to work here. - I'm sorry. I'll be going first.
Where are you going in the middle of an interview? Mr. Kim Byeong Ho!
Mr. Kim Byeong Ho! Mr. Kim Byeong Ho!
What are your hobbies? By any chance, do you like surfing?
That...
Last year I went to Gol-Co (Gold Coast) to learn how to surf. You know Gol-Co, don't you?
The Gold Coast? Have you been there before?
No, I've never been there.
Ah, so you're not into water sports.
Then, anything else? Golf or tennis?
Or a little more on the wild side, like paragliding?
No, I haven't done any of that.
Then what have you done in life?
Ah, when I was young, I learned the piano.
Then you must know the piece that's playing now. Schubert's piano quartet, "Mullet." ( It's the Trout Quintet.0
I should endure it. Bo Ra introduced me to him.
- So you don't even know such things. - Endure it.
You've lived a very uninteresting life. Can we even relate?
Ah, I can't listen to this crap.
Who brags about himself so much while looking like a pervert.
Oh!
He was treating you like a beggar without cause, so I was wondering how great he was.
But he's not much at all. How did you meet this guy who looks like a slippery eel?
Slippery eel? Do you know this person?
Even if there are no men around, why meet a guy like this? So pathetic.
- Why are you doing this? - So, do you want me to take care of him?
Pathetic? This guy... hey, are you finished?
We're in the middle of talking. You should be quiet.
Where did this guy come from? This shabby appearance and looking like gangster.
- Is this bastard crazy? - Wait!
Do you have the money to compensate for hitting a guy like this?
If you have that kind of money, then give me the repair costs for my laptop.
Laptop? What are you saying now?
Why did I even come here?
You bastard.
Hey. You manage to get guys to follow you around.
While oozing with unsophistication.
Bastard, you must really be crazy.
Yes, I've lived an unsophisticated, boring life.
So, what? What has it done for you?
"Mullet Quartet"?! You look all greasy, just smeared with butter.
But what's with that folksy pronunciation? Don't use English anywhere!
It's embarrassing even for me to hear.
She's totally insane.
That girl...
Where are you going? If you're going to brag, do it properly.
First of all, that's a piano quintet. And it's not "Mullet" but "Trout," you rockbrain.
You didn't study, did you? Even a bum like me knows that.
Sit down.
There's something bad that came up at home, sorry.
Hey!
Sunbae.
What are you doing here?
Did you enjoy the meal today?
With Ah Yeong...
Lately,
I thought we'd gotten close.
But you also had a reason for approaching me.
You're the same as everyone else.
It's hard to eat even one meal with you.
Wow, what kind of phone is this?
This girl is quite frugal, really.
Who uses a crap phone like this these days?
I can't get anything out of it by selling it. I should return it to her for a meal at least.
Sunbae Yoo Jeong?
Yoo Jeong?!
Surely it can't be, there aren't just one or two Yoo Jeongs in Korea.
Don't think useless things.
What is this?
Those two are dating?!
Why are her eyes open like this?
Wow, it's really a small world.
Wow!
Wait, so this means she's Yoo Jeong's girlfriend, right?
If that's how it is...
Sunbae Yoo Jeong, just you wait. I'll give this bastard a surprise.
Seol
Talk.
It has been a while, Yoo Jeong.
Baek In Ho?
Wow, what an honor! You recognized me at once.
How do you..?
Where are you?
It's been a while, Yoo Jeong.
- What happened? - If you do that, that makes me sad.
We haven't seen each other in years and you don't ask how I am?
Do we have that kind of relationship?
Right.
We definitely do not have that kind of relationship.
- Give me her phone. - What kind of relationship do you have with her?
Just who is she that you even take a picture together
and that you'd run here in a flash to fetch a crap phone like this.
It's none of your concern.
Then, I'll just ask her myself.
But, does she know or not?
What kind of bastard you are?
Don't hang around people who are around me.
If I do, what are you going to do about it?
Ah, you'll do the same thing you did back then?
You're still bringing that up?
I thought since you came back that you'd come to your senses,
but I guess you haven't changed at all.
You're the one who really hasn't changed.
You ruined a person's life and you appear to have no guilt at all.
Guilt?
Why would I?
Listen carefully.
When I graduate and join Father's company, our relations with you and Baek In Ha will completely end.
I let it go because I felt pity for you both, but it will be hard to continue.
Pity?
Be sure to let your sister know there aren't many years left.
You should find a way to make a living before then.
Don't try anything weird and return her phone to her.
What was I expecting?
Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ viki. com
♫ Just one belief ♫
♫ that I wouldn't look back on events in the past ♫
♫ your night feels like day to me ♫
I think that sunbae likes you, Unni.
You aren't Yoo Jeong's type. Your hair is like dog fur. You should dress more dazzling.
For this team project, I will regard teamwork among the members as most important.
Sunbae, our presentation is very soon.
Must you experience something truly terrible before you come to your senses? Get your act together.
If it's hard, then just say so. Why do you make others into the bad guy?
First, just cool off. I don't know what it is, but just cool off and forget it.
I thought I'd never see you again. Why did you show up here?
Take your Noona who is mooching off our household and disappear right now.
This is my favorite moment, when your mask comes off. Let's meet often, Yoo Jeong.
Sunbae, if you have time, could I buy you dinner?
- Seol. - Yes?
Everything is not as you see it. Watch out for Yoo Jeong.